the experimental procedure:

	1. subject is given an identification number.
	2. subject is assigned to an experimental group:
		2.1. regular wizard
		2.2. modified wizard
		2.3. code only
	3. subject starts the experiment:
		3.1. initial phase: subject performs the tasks using
			 the interface assigned to him:
			3.1.1. regular wizard
			3.1.2. modified wizard
			3.1.3. code interface
		3.2. transfer phase: subject performs the tasks using
			 the code interface only
	4. description of tasks: all subjects get tasks from the same task pool
		4.1. task types:
			4.1.1. addition tasks
			4.1.2. multiplication tasks
			4.1.3. remainder tasks (REM) --> more difficult than the other two types
		4.2. all tasks involve changing the data in a range of cells
			 (an area made of rows and columns). 
		4.3. this SHOULD be possible to do with the single use of only one wizard, 
			 but it is possible to also do this  with several uses 
			 of a wizard(s) --> like using the row wizard
			 on two rows instead of using the area tool.
		4.3. examples of task description: the range of cells (rows and columns), 
			 number to add/nultiply/divide by (and the new value to enter if it 
			 divides without a remainder) are all randomly generated.
			"change the cell value, of the cells from row 3 to row 5, 
			 and from column 4 to 11, so that the new value is 2 times 
			 it's current value"
			"change the cell value, of the cells from row 6 to row 9, 
			 and from column 7 to 14, so that the new value is bigger by 15 
			 than it's current value"
			 "change the cell value, of the cells from row 13 to row 15, 
			 and from column 1 to 4, to 999, if it's current value is divisable
			 by 4 without leaving a remainder"
		4.4. a correct solution is achieved when the cells within the specified range 
			 all have the new values specified by the task description. the way the 
			 subject reaches the correct end result is not a criteria for a successful
			 solution.
		4.5. if the subject applies a wizard/code without reaching the correct result, 
			 he/she may either: continue from that point with an additional 
			 wizard/code (number of additional wizard/code applied in a block 
			 are counted); reset the table to it's initial values (number of 
			 reset tasks in a block are counted); or skip the task and recieve
			 a new task description (number of incorrect tasks in a block are counted).
	5. experimental phase:
		5.1. composed of 5 or 10 minute block
		5.2. in each block, subjects are given tasks for completion
		5.3. if a task is completed/skipped a new task is given.
		5.4. at the end of the round the number of completed/skipped/reset tasks
			 are summed - these are 3 of the dependent variables of the experiment.
		5.5. after each block, the subject is given a short break (waiting for subject
			 to give ok to continue).
		5.6. after a set amount of blocks, the subject is transfered to the 
			 code interface for the transfer phase (all have the same interface).
		5.7. the process is repeated for the transfer phase.
		5.8. all the blocks in the initial and transfer phases are tallied 
			 separately.
			 